README.md, before:

# LandlordStudio front-end recruitment test

Thanks for taking the time to do our front-end coding test. This will have two parts:

1. A [task](#frontend) to create a create a list of payable transactions displayed in a react-based website. This front will integrate with a simulated backend API which is bundled with the provided web app skeleton.

2. Some [follow-up questions](./FOLLOW-UP.md) (please commit the follow-up question answers to your own provided repository).

**NOTE:** If you browse our github organisation you should have an invitations for you, these will give you access to a repository named something like ls-recruitment-{YOUR NAME}. If you do not see the invitation or cannot see any repositories with your name on them, please contact us. (Please do not branch or make PRs for the repositories that do not have your name on them).

You will be assessed based on the following being met:

- You complete the tasks described in the [frontend](#frontend) task, and that the applications you produce functions as described in those tasks.

- Your website roughly looks like the provided [design](./design-spec/payment_list.png) (please note that nothing has to be exact in terms of the look of the site).

---

## Frontend

We would like you to implement a website using React and Typescript.  
Please feel free to use whatever other front-end libraries you are comfortable with.

The main focus of the website is to display a list of upcoming rent payments.  
A basic design for the website can be found [here](./design-spec/payment_list.png).

**NB:**
You are not expected to match any of the styles, colours, fonts etc in the given design images exactly. These are just guidelines for how we would roughly like the site to be laid out and look.

When the user navigates to the `Dashboard` for the first time, fetch upcoming rent payments from the included [API](#API), and format them in client readable results.

- The payment due dates should be formatted as MMM DD.
- The status of each payment should be blank, `Paid`, or `Overdue` depending on the payments status and due date.
- A pay button should only be displayed for payments that are not `Paid`
- The amount should be formatted as a US dollar amount (e.g. \$10.00)  
  **Note**: Payment amounts returned from the API will be in cents and must be converted to dollars.
- Payments should be listed in ascending chronological order.

If a user clicks on the `Pay` button, a dialog detailed [here](./design-spec/pay.png) should be shown to the user.  
Upon confirmation, a call should be made to the API that updates the state of that payment to `Paid`.  
The result of that call should be used to then update the status of that transaction in the list that is displayed to the user.

**To get started, make changes to `~/src/pages/index.ts`.**

A basic index page has been fleshed out for you that fetches raw payment data from the API - this is just an example and does not indicate any code, patterns, styles, or naming convetions that we expect you to follow or use, feel free to make changes as you see fit.

Please make commits/PRs to this repository like you would at work.

> **NOTE:**  
> This project was created using Next.js, a tool we use here at Landlord Studio. It provides tools to build a React web app with a self-contained API.  
> You shouldn't need to use or know anything Next.js specific to complete this test, if you want/need to know more however, documentation can be found [here](https://nextjs.org/docs).

### API <a name="API"></a>

As part of the web app, an inbuilt API has been provided.

This exposes two routes;

- **GET** `http://localhost:3000/api/payments` - This returns an _unsorted_ list of payments.  
  **Note**: Payment amounts returned from the API will be in cents and must be converted to dollars.
- **PATCH** `http://localhost:3000/api/payments/{id}/pay` - Flags an eligible payment as being paid.

The code that defines these two endpoints is located under `~/src/pages/api`.  
You shouldn't need to make changes here to complete the test, but you can do so if you wish.

## Running the frontend project

To start the frontend client run the following commands.

- `npm install` - This will fetch the required node modules for the website to run.
- `npm run dev` - This will start the application for development.

The application will start at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)

## Submission Guidelines

Please notify us once you are ready for your work to be assessed. We will be cloning the master branch of the repositories created for you and running the applications from there.

Commit message:

Remove requirement for overdue, readme fixes

README.md, after:

# LandlordStudio front-end recruitment test

Thanks for taking the time to do our front-end coding test. This will have two parts:

1. A [task](#frontend) to create a create a list of payable transactions displayed in a react-based website. This front will integrate with a simulated backend API which is bundled with the provided web app skeleton.

2. Some [follow-up questions](./FOLLOW-UP.md) (please commit the follow-up question answers to your own provided repository).

**NOTE:** If you browse our github organisation you should have an invitations for you, these will give you access to a repository named something like ls-recruitment-{YOUR NAME}. If you do not see the invitation or cannot see any repositories with your name on them, please contact us. (Please do not branch or make PRs for the repositories that do not have your name on them).

You will be assessed based on the following being met:

- You complete the tasks described in the [frontend](#frontend) task, and that the applications you produce functions as described in those tasks.

- Your website roughly looks like the provided [design](./design-spec/payment_list.png) (please note that nothing has to be exact in terms of the look of the site).

If you run into any issues, or if anything is unclear, please contact us - any feedback will help us improve our test.

---

## Frontend

We would like you to implement a website using React and Typescript.  
Please feel free to use whatever other front-end libraries you are comfortable with.

The main focus of the website is to display a list of upcoming rent payments.  
A basic design for the website can be found [here](./design-spec/payment_list.png).

**NB:**
You are not expected to match any of the styles, colours, fonts etc in the given design images exactly. These are just guidelines for how we would roughly like the site to be laid out and look.

When the user navigates to the `Dashboard` for the first time, fetch upcoming rent payments from the included [API](#API), and format them in user readable results.

- The payment due dates should be formatted as MMM DD.
- The status of each payment should be `Paid` or `Unpaid`, depending on the payments status.
- A pay button should only be displayed for payments that are not `Paid`.
- The amount should be formatted as a US dollar amount (e.g. \$10.00).
  **Note**: Payment amounts returned from the API will be in cents and must be converted to dollars.
- Payments should be listed in ascending chronological order.

If a user clicks on the `Pay` button, a dialog detailed [here](./design-spec/pay.png) should be shown to the user.  
Upon confirmation, a call should be made to the API that updates the state of that payment to `Paid`.  
The result of that call should be used to then update the status of that transaction in the list that is displayed to the user.

**To get started, make changes to `~/src/pages/index.tsx`.**

A basic index page has been fleshed out for you that fetches raw payment data from the API - this is just an example and does not indicate any code, patterns, styles, or naming convetions that we expect you to follow or use, feel free to make changes as you see fit.

Please make commits/PRs to this repository like you would at work.

> **NOTE:**  
> This project was created using Next.js, a tool we use here at Landlord Studio. It provides tools to build a React web app with a self-contained API.  
> You shouldn't need to use or know anything Next.js specific to complete this test, if you want/need to know more however, documentation can be found [here](https://nextjs.org/docs).

### API <a name="API"></a>

As part of the web app, an inbuilt API has been provided.

This exposes two routes;

- **GET** `http://localhost:3000/api/payments` - This returns an _unsorted_ list of payments.  
  **Note**: Payment amounts returned from the API will be in cents and must be converted to dollars.
- **PATCH** `http://localhost:3000/api/payments/{id}/pay` - Flags an eligible payment as being paid.

The code that defines these two endpoints is located under `~/src/pages/api`.  
You shouldn't need to make changes here to complete the test, but you can do so if you wish.

## Running the frontend project

To start the frontend client run the following commands.

- `npm install` - This will fetch the required node modules for the website to run.
- `npm run dev` - This will start the application for development.

The application will start at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)

## Submission Guidelines

Please notify us once you are ready for your work to be assessed. We will be cloning the master branch of the repositories created for you and running the applications from there.
